c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.exe
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.deps.json
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.dll
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\bin\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.pdb
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.BasicMVC.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.BasicMVC.props
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.BasicMVC.props
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.BasicMVC.props
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\BasicMVC.styles.css
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\BasicMVC.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.dll
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\BasicMVC.dll
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.pdb
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\BasicMVC.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\CtrlDKhayos\Documents\Homework\Current Semester\ASPNET\BasicMVC\BasicMVC\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\BasicMVC.dll
